---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_azure_integration Data Source - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_azure_integration represents an integration with an Azure AD tenant. This integration is account-level and needs to be explicitly attached to individual stacks in order to take effect. Note that you will need to provide admin consent manually for the integration to work
---

# spacelift_azure_integration (Data Source)

`spacelift_azure_integration` represents an integration with an Azure AD tenant. This integration is account-level and needs to be explicitly attached to individual stacks in order to take effect. Note that you will need to provide admin consent manually for the integration to work

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Lookup an integration by its ID:
data "spacelift_azure_integration" "example" {
  integration_id = "01FPAH5J0JFYSM5953T9KT2VS9"
}

# Lookup an integration by its name:
data "spacelift_azure_integration" "example" {
  name = "Production"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `integration_id` (String) Immutable ID of the integration. Either `integration_id` or `name` must be specified.
- `name` (String) The friendly name of the integration. Either `integration_id` or `name` must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `admin_consent_provided` (Boolean) Indicates whether admin consent has been performed for the AAD Application.
- `admin_consent_url` (String) The URL to use to provide admin consent to the application in the customer's tenant
- `application_id` (String) The applicationId of the Azure AD application used by the integration.
- `default_subscription_id` (String) The default subscription ID to use, if one isn't specified at the stack/module level
- `display_name` (String) The display name for the application in Azure. This is automatically generated when the integration is created, and cannot be changed without deleting and recreating the integration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Set of String) Labels to set on the integration
- `object_id` (String) The objectId of the Azure AD application used by the integration.
- `space_id` (String) ID (slug) of the space the integration is in
- `tenant_id` (String) The Azure AD tenant ID
