---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_module Data Source - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_module is a special type of a stack used to test and version Terraform modules.
---

# spacelift_module (Data Source)

`spacelift_module` is a special type of a stack used to test and version Terraform modules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spacelift_module" "k8s-module" {
  module_id = "k8s-module"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `module_id` (String) ID (slug) of the module

### Read-Only

- `administrative` (Boolean) indicates whether this module can administer others
- `aws_assume_role_policy_statement` (String) AWS IAM assume role policy statement setting up trust relationship
- `azure_devops` (List of Object) Azure DevOps VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_devops))
- `bitbucket_cloud` (List of Object) Bitbucket Cloud VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bitbucket_cloud))
- `bitbucket_datacenter` (List of Object) Bitbucket Datacenter VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bitbucket_datacenter))
- `branch` (String) GitHub branch to apply changes to
- `description` (String) free-form module description for human users (supports Markdown)
- `enable_local_preview` (Boolean) Indicates whether local preview versions can be triggered on this Module.
- `github_enterprise` (List of Object) GitHub Enterprise (self-hosted) VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github_enterprise))
- `gitlab` (List of Object) GitLab VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `labels` (Set of String)
- `name` (String) The module name will by default be inferred from the repository name if it follows the terraform-provider-name naming convention. However, if the repository doesn't follow this convention, or you want to give it a custom name, you can provide it here.
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the repository root containing the module source code.
- `protect_from_deletion` (Boolean) Protect this module from accidental deletion. If set, attempts to delete this module will fail.
- `repository` (String) Name of the repository, without the owner part
- `shared_accounts` (Set of String) List of the accounts (subdomains) which should have access to the Module
- `space_id` (String) ID (slug) of the space the module is in
- `terraform_provider` (String) The module provider will by default be inferred from the repository name if it follows the terraform-provider-name naming convention. However, if the repository doesn't follow this convention, or you gave the module a custom name, you can provide the provider name here.
- `worker_pool_id` (String) ID of the worker pool to use
- `workflow_tool` (String) Defines the tool that will be used to execute the workflow. This can be one of `TERRAFORM_FOSS` or `CUSTOM`.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_devops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_devops`

Read-Only:

- `project` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bitbucket_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_cloud`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bitbucket_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--github_enterprise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github_enterprise`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)
