---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_scheduled_run Data Source - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_scheduled_run represents a scheduling configuration for a Stack. It will trigger a run on the given timestamp/schedule.
---

# spacelift_scheduled_run (Data Source)

`spacelift_scheduled_run` represents a scheduling configuration for a Stack. It will trigger a run on the given timestamp/schedule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spacelift_scheduled_run" "example" {
  scheduled_run_id = "$STACK_ID/$SCHEDULED_RUN_ID" // id of the scheduled run
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `scheduled_run_id` (String) ID of the scheduled delete_stack (stack_id/schedule_id)

### Optional

- `at` (Number) Timestamp (unix timestamp) at which time the scheduled run should happen.
- `every` (List of String) List of cron schedule expressions based on which the scheduled run should be triggered.
- `name` (String) Name of the scheduled run
- `runtime_config` (Block List) Customer provided runtime configuration for this scheduled run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config))
- `timezone` (String) Timezone in which the schedule is expressed. Defaults to `UTC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `next_schedule` (Number) Timestamp (unix timestamp) of when the next run will be scheduled.
- `schedule_id` (String) ID of the schedule
- `stack_id` (String) Stack ID of the scheduling config

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config`

Optional:

- `after_apply` (List of String) List of after-apply scripts
- `after_destroy` (List of String) List of after-destroy scripts
- `after_init` (List of String) List of after-init scripts
- `after_perform` (List of String) List of after-perform scripts
- `after_plan` (List of String) List of after-plan scripts
- `after_run` (List of String) List of after-run scripts
- `before_apply` (List of String) List of before-apply scripts
- `before_destroy` (List of String) List of before-destroy scripts
- `before_init` (List of String) List of before-init scripts
- `before_perform` (List of String) List of before-perform scripts
- `before_plan` (List of String) List of before-plan scripts
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the workspace root containing the entrypoint to the Stack.
- `runner_image` (String) Name of the Docker image used to process Runs
- `yaml` (String) YAML representation of the runtime configuration.

Read-Only:

- `environment` (Block Set) Environment variables for the run (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config--environment))
- `terraform_version` (String) Terraform version to use
- `terraform_workflow_tool` (String) Defines the tool that will be used to execute the workflow. This can be one of `OPEN_TOFU`, `TERRAFORM_FOSS` or `CUSTOM`. Defaults to `TERRAFORM_FOSS`.

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config.environment`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) Environment variable key
- `value` (String) Environment variable value
