---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_stack Data Source - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_stack combines source code and configuration to create a runtime environment where resources are managed. In this way it's similar to a stack in AWS CloudFormation, or a project on generic CI/CD platforms.
---

# spacelift_stack (Data Source)

`spacelift_stack` combines source code and configuration to create a runtime environment where resources are managed. In this way it's similar to a stack in AWS CloudFormation, or a project on generic CI/CD platforms.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spacelift_stack" "k8s-core" {
  stack_id = "k8s-core"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `stack_id` (String) ID (slug) of the stack

### Optional

- `additional_project_globs` (Set of String) Project globs is an optional list of paths to track changes of in addition to the project root.
- `after_apply` (List of String) List of after-apply scripts
- `after_destroy` (List of String) List of after-destroy scripts
- `after_init` (List of String) List of after-init scripts
- `after_perform` (List of String) List of after-perform scripts
- `after_plan` (List of String) List of after-plan scripts
- `after_run` (List of String) List of after-run scripts
- `before_apply` (List of String) List of before-apply scripts
- `before_destroy` (List of String) List of before-destroy scripts
- `before_init` (List of String) List of before-init scripts
- `before_perform` (List of String) List of before-perform scripts
- `before_plan` (List of String) List of before-plan scripts

### Read-Only

- `administrative` (Boolean) indicates whether this stack can administer others
- `ansible` (List of Object) Ansible-specific configuration. Presence means this Stack is an Ansible Stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ansible))
- `autodeploy` (Boolean) indicates whether changes to this stack can be automatically deployed
- `autoretry` (Boolean) indicates whether obsolete proposed changes should automatically be retried
- `aws_assume_role_policy_statement` (String) AWS IAM assume role policy statement setting up trust relationship
- `azure_devops` (List of Object) Azure DevOps VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_devops))
- `bitbucket_cloud` (List of Object) Bitbucket Cloud VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bitbucket_cloud))
- `bitbucket_datacenter` (List of Object) Bitbucket Datacenter VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bitbucket_datacenter))
- `branch` (String) Repository branch to treat as the default 'main' branch
- `cloudformation` (List of Object) CloudFormation-specific configuration. Presence means this Stack is a CloudFormation Stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloudformation))
- `description` (String) free-form stack description for users
- `enable_local_preview` (Boolean) Indicates whether local preview runs can be triggered on this Stack.
- `github_enterprise` (List of Object) GitHub Enterprise (self-hosted) VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--github_enterprise))
- `gitlab` (List of Object) GitLab VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--gitlab))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `kubernetes` (List of Object) Kubernetes-specific configuration. Presence means this Stack is a Kubernetes Stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--kubernetes))
- `labels` (Set of String)
- `manage_state` (Boolean) Determines if Spacelift should manage state for this stack
- `name` (String) Name of the stack - should be unique in one account
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the workspace root containing the entrypoint to the Stack.
- `protect_from_deletion` (Boolean) Protect this stack from accidental deletion. If set, attempts to delete this stack will fail.
- `pulumi` (List of Object) Pulumi-specific configuration. Presence means this Stack is a Pulumi Stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pulumi))
- `raw_git` (List of Object) One-way VCS integration using a raw Git repository link (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--raw_git))
- `repository` (String) Name of the repository, without the owner part
- `runner_image` (String) Name of the Docker image used to process Runs
- `showcase` (List of Object) Showcase-related attributes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--showcase))
- `space_id` (String) ID (slug) of the space the stack is in
- `terraform_external_state_access` (Boolean) Indicates whether you can access the Stack state file from other stacks or outside of Spacelift.
- `terraform_smart_sanitization` (Boolean) Indicates whether runs on this will use terraform's sensitive value system to sanitize the outputs of Terraform state and plans in spacelift instead of sanitizing all fields.
- `terraform_version` (String) Terraform version to use
- `terraform_workflow_tool` (String) Defines the tool that will be used to execute the workflow. This can be one of `OPEN_TOFU`, `TERRAFORM_FOSS` or `CUSTOM`.
- `terraform_workspace` (String) Terraform workspace to select
- `worker_pool_id` (String) ID of the worker pool to use

<a id="nestedatt--ansible"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ansible`

Read-Only:

- `playbook` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--azure_devops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_devops`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `project` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bitbucket_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_cloud`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--bitbucket_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_datacenter`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--cloudformation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloudformation`

Read-Only:

- `entry_template_file` (String)
- `region` (String)
- `stack_name` (String)
- `template_bucket` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--github_enterprise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github_enterprise`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes`

Read-Only:

- `kubectl_version` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--pulumi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pulumi`

Read-Only:

- `login_url` (String)
- `stack_name` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--raw_git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `raw_git`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)
- `url` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--showcase"></a>
### Nested Schema for `showcase`

Read-Only:

- `namespace` (String)
