---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_module Resource - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_module is a special type of a stack used to test and version Terraform modules.
---

# spacelift_module (Resource)

`spacelift_module` is a special type of a stack used to test and version Terraform modules.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Explicit module name and provider:
resource "spacelift_module" "k8s-module" {
  name               = "k8s-module"
  terraform_provider = "aws"
  administrative     = true
  branch             = "master"
  description        = "Infra terraform module"
  repository         = "terraform-super-module"
}

# Unspecified module name and provider (repository naming scheme terraform-${provider}-${name})
resource "spacelift_module" "example-module" {
  administrative = true
  branch         = "master"
  description    = "Example terraform module"
  repository     = "terraform-aws-example"
  project_root   = "example"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `branch` (String) GitHub branch to apply changes to
- `repository` (String) Name of the repository, without the owner part

### Optional

- `administrative` (Boolean) Indicates whether this module can manage others. Defaults to `false`.
- `azure_devops` (Block List, Max: 1) Azure DevOps VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--azure_devops))
- `bitbucket_cloud` (Block List, Max: 1) Bitbucket Cloud VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bitbucket_cloud))
- `bitbucket_datacenter` (Block List, Max: 1) Bitbucket Datacenter VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--bitbucket_datacenter))
- `description` (String) Free-form module description for users
- `enable_local_preview` (Boolean) Indicates whether local preview versions can be triggered on this Module. Defaults to `false`.
- `git_sparse_checkout_paths` (Set of String) Git sparse checkout paths is an optional list of paths to use for sparse checkout. If not set, the entire repository will be checked out.
- `github_enterprise` (Block List, Max: 1) GitHub Enterprise (self-hosted) VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--github_enterprise))
- `gitlab` (Block List, Max: 1) GitLab VCS settings (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--gitlab))
- `labels` (Set of String)
- `name` (String) The module name will by default be inferred from the repository name if it follows the terraform-provider-name naming convention. However, if the repository doesn't follow this convention, or you want to give it a custom name, you can provide it here.
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the repository root containing the module source code.
- `protect_from_deletion` (Boolean) Protect this module from accidental deletion. If set, attempts to delete this module will fail. Defaults to `false`.
- `public` (Boolean) Make this module publicly accessible. Can only be set at creation time. Defaults to `false`.
- `raw_git` (Block List, Max: 1) One-way VCS integration using a raw Git repository link (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--raw_git))
- `runner_image` (String) Name of the Docker image used to process Runs
- `shared_accounts` (Set of String) List of the accounts (subdomains) which should have access to the Module
- `space_id` (String) ID (slug) of the space the module is in
- `terraform_provider` (String) The module provider will by default be inferred from the repository name if it follows the terraform-provider-name naming convention. However, if the repository doesn't follow this convention, or you gave the module a custom name, you can provide the provider name here.
- `worker_pool_id` (String) ID of the worker pool to use. NOTE: worker_pool_id is required when using a self-hosted instance of Spacelift.
- `workflow_tool` (String) Defines the tool that will be used to execute the workflow. This can be one of `OPEN_TOFU`, `TERRAFORM_FOSS` or `CUSTOM`. Defaults to `TERRAFORM_FOSS`.

### Read-Only

- `aws_assume_role_policy_statement` (String) AWS IAM assume role policy statement setting up trust relationship
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--azure_devops"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_devops`

Required:

- `project` (String) The name of the Azure DevOps project

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the Azure Devops integration. If not specified, the default integration will be used.

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default Azure DevOps integration


<a id="nestedblock--bitbucket_cloud"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_cloud`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The Bitbucket project containing the repository

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Bitbucket Cloud integration. If not specified, the default integration will be used.

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default Bitbucket Cloud integration


<a id="nestedblock--bitbucket_datacenter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bitbucket_datacenter`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The Bitbucket project containing the repository

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the Bitbucket Datacenter integration. If not specified, the default integration will be used.

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default Bitbucket Datacenter integration


<a id="nestedblock--github_enterprise"></a>
### Nested Schema for `github_enterprise`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The GitHub organization / user the repository belongs to

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of the GitHub Enterprise integration. If not specified, the default integration will be used.

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default GitHub Enterprise integration


<a id="nestedblock--gitlab"></a>
### Nested Schema for `gitlab`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) The GitLab namespace containing the repository

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the Gitlab integration. If not specified, the default integration will be used.

Read-Only:

- `is_default` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is the default GitLab integration


<a id="nestedblock--raw_git"></a>
### Nested Schema for `raw_git`

Required:

- `namespace` (String) User-friendly namespace for the repository, this is for cosmetic purposes only
- `url` (String) HTTPS URL of the Git repository

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

The [`terraform import` command](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/import) can be used, for example:

```shell
terraform import spacelift_module.k8s-module $MODULE_ID
```
