---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_run Resource - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_run allows programmatically triggering runs in response to arbitrary changes in the keepers section.
---

# spacelift_run (Resource)

`spacelift_run` allows programmatically triggering runs in response to arbitrary changes in the keepers section.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "spacelift_stack" "this" {
  name       = "Test stack"
  repository = "test"
  branch     = "main"
}

resource "spacelift_run" "this" {
  stack_id = spacelift_stack.this.id

  keepers = {
    branch = spacelift_stack.this.branch
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `stack_id` (String) ID of the stack on which the run is to be triggered.

### Optional

- `commit_sha` (String) The commit SHA for which to trigger a run.
- `keepers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of values that, when changed, will trigger recreation of the resource.
- `proposed` (Boolean) Whether the run is a proposed run. Defaults to `false`.
- `runtime_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Custom runtime configuration for this run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config))
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `wait` (Block List, Max: 1) Wait for the run to finish (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--wait))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the triggered run.

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config`

Optional:

- `after_apply` (List of String) List of after-apply scripts.
- `after_destroy` (List of String) List of after-destroy scripts.
- `after_init` (List of String) List of after-init scripts.
- `after_perform` (List of String) List of after-perform scripts.
- `after_plan` (List of String) List of after-plan scripts.
- `after_run` (List of String) List of after-run scripts.
- `before_apply` (List of String) List of before-apply scripts.
- `before_destroy` (List of String) List of before-destroy scripts.
- `before_init` (List of String) List of before-init scripts.
- `before_perform` (List of String) List of before-perform scripts.
- `before_plan` (List of String) List of before-plan scripts.
- `environment` (Block Set) Environment variables for the run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config--environment))
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the workspace root containing the entrypoint to the Stack.
- `runner_image` (String) Name of the Docker image used to process Runs.

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config.environment`

Required:

- `key` (String) Environment variable key.
- `value` (String) Environment variable value.



<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--wait"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wait`

Optional:

- `continue_on_state` (Set of String) Continue on the specified states of a finished run. If not specified, the default is `[ 'finished' ]`. You can use following states: `applying`, `canceled`, `confirmed`, `destroying`, `discarded`, `failed`, `finished`, `initializing`, `pending_review`, `performing`, `planning`, `preparing_apply`, `preparing_replan`, `preparing`, `queued`, `ready`, `replan_requested`, `skipped`, `stopped`, `unconfirmed`.
- `continue_on_timeout` (Boolean) Continue if run timed out, i.e. did not reach any defined end state in time. Default: `false`
- `disabled` (Boolean) Whether waiting for a job is disabled or not. Default: `false`
