---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spacelift_scheduled_run Resource - terraform-provider-spacelift"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  spacelift_scheduled_run represents a scheduling configuration for a Stack. It will trigger a run on the given schedule or timestamp
---

# spacelift_scheduled_run (Resource)

`spacelift_scheduled_run` represents a scheduling configuration for a Stack. It will trigger a run on the given schedule or timestamp

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "spacelift_stack" "k8s-core" {
  // ...
}

// create the runs of a stack on a given schedule
resource "spacelift_scheduled_run" "k8s-core-apply" {
  stack_id = spacelift_stack.k8s-core.id

  name     = "apply-workdays"
  every    = ["0 7 * * 1-5"]
  timezone = "CET"
}

// run at a given timestamp (unix)
resource "spacelift_scheduled_run" "k8s-core-timestamp" {
  stack_id = spacelift_stack.k8s-core.id

  name = "one-off-apply"
  at   = "1663336895"
}

// run with custom runtime configuration
resource "spacelift_scheduled_run" "k8s-core-custom" {
  stack_id = spacelift_stack.k8s-core.id

  name           = "custom-terraform-apply"
  every          = ["0 21 * * 1-5"]
  timezone       = "CET"
  runtime_config = "terraform_version: \"1.5.7\""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `stack_id` (String) ID of the stack for which to set up the scheduled run

### Optional

- `at` (Number) Timestamp (unix timestamp) at which time the scheduled run should happen.
- `every` (List of String) List of cron schedule expressions based on which the scheduled run should be triggered.
- `name` (String) Name of the scheduled run
- `runtime_config` (Block List, Max: 1) Customer provided runtime configuration for this scheduled run. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config))
- `schedule_id` (String) ID of the schedule
- `timezone` (String) Timezone in which the schedule is expressed. Defaults to `UTC`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `next_schedule` (Number) Timestamp (unix timestamp) of when the next run will be scheduled.

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config`

Optional:

- `after_apply` (List of String) List of after-apply scripts
- `after_destroy` (List of String) List of after-destroy scripts
- `after_init` (List of String) List of after-init scripts
- `after_perform` (List of String) List of after-perform scripts
- `after_plan` (List of String) List of after-plan scripts
- `after_run` (List of String) List of after-run scripts
- `before_apply` (List of String) List of before-apply scripts
- `before_destroy` (List of String) List of before-destroy scripts
- `before_init` (List of String) List of before-init scripts
- `before_perform` (List of String) List of before-perform scripts
- `before_plan` (List of String) List of before-plan scripts
- `environment` (Block Set) Environment variables for the run (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runtime_config--environment))
- `project_root` (String) Project root is the optional directory relative to the workspace root containing the entrypoint to the Stack.
- `runner_image` (String) Name of the Docker image used to process Runs
- `yaml` (String) YAML representation of the runtime configuration.

Read-Only:

- `terraform` (List of Object) Terraform-specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_config--terraform))
- `terraform_version` (String) Terraform version to use
- `terraform_workflow_tool` (String) Defines the tool that will be used to execute the workflow. This can be one of `OPEN_TOFU`, `TERRAFORM_FOSS` or `CUSTOM`. Defaults to `TERRAFORM_FOSS`.
- `terragrunt` (List of Object) Terragrunt-specific configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--runtime_config--terragrunt))

<a id="nestedblock--runtime_config--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config.environment`

Required:

- `key` (String) Environment variable key
- `value` (String) Environment variable value


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_config--terraform"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config.terraform`

Read-Only:

- `version` (String)
- `workflow_tool` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--runtime_config--terragrunt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runtime_config.terragrunt`

Read-Only:

- `terraform_version` (String)
- `terragrunt_version` (String)
- `tool` (String)
- `use_run_all` (Boolean)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import spacelift_scheduled_run.k8s-core-apply $STACK_ID/$SCHEDULED_RUN_ID
```
